docs(service-worker): add staleWhileRevalidate strategy (#37301)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/service-worker-config.md

* `freshness` optimizes for currency of data, preferentially fetching requested data from the network. Only if the network times out, according to `timeout`, does the request fall back to the cache. This is useful for resources that change frequently; for example, account balances.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> You can also implement a third strategy ie
> [staleWhileRevalidate](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/instant-and-offline/offline-cookbook/#stale-while-revalidate) which shows cached data until new data is not
> featched from the network. To implement this strategy set strategy to 'freshness' and timeout:
> 0u in cacheConfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also emulate a third strategy, [staleWhileRevalidate](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/instant-and-offline/offline-cookbook/#stale-while-revalidate), which returns cached data (if available), but also fetches fresh data from the network in the background for next time.
To use this strategy set `strategy` to `freshness` and `timeout` to `0u` in `cacheConfig`.
```

> What this will essentially do is:
> 
> 1. Try to fetch from network first.
> 2. If the network request does not complete after the 0ms timeout (means immediately),
> fallback to the cache.
> 3. Once the network request completes, update the cache.
> 4. If the resource does not exist in the cache, wait for the network request anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will essentially do the following:

1. Try to fetch from the network first.
2. If the network request does not complete after 0ms (i.e. immediately), fall back to the cache (ignoring cache age).
3. Once the network request completes, update the cache for future requests.
4. If the resource does not exist in the cache, wait for the network request anyway.
```
